W-22829369 udate troubleshooting (#58)
mulesoft/docs-mulesoft-mcp-server: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started-platform.adoc

=== Authentication Failure

> If you have authentication issues, try these troubleshooting steps. 

Reviewer: Notebook suggests this. 

```suggestion
To resolve authentication issues, follow these troubleshooting steps.
```

* Try logging out of your Anypoint Platform account and logging back in.
* If you encounter an authorization error:
** Add the correct redirect URL to your connected app.
** Add the necessary permissions scopes to your connected app.
* If you get an error when adding a non-traditional redirect URL to your connected app:
** Determine the callback port automatically assigned for the client's authentication request (for example, 12148).
** Add the localhost URL to the redirect URLs in your connected app (for example, `http://localhost:12148/oauth/callback`).

> * If you get a permissions-related error when attempting to authenticate, add the following permissions to your connected app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you get a permissions-related error when attempting to authenticate, add these permissions to your connected app:
```

** Background Access
** Profile
** Identity
** Email

=== Connection Issues

> If your MCP client can't reach the server or fails to establish a session, verify the following settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your MCP client can't reach the server or fails to establish a session, verify these settings.
```
